Clarifies usage of smart tags on virtual constraints in tags file (#209)
graphile/graphile.github.io: src/pages/postgraphile/smart-tags.md

`@foreignKey (col1, ...) references [my_schema.]my_table [(col1, ...)]`

> In the tags file you have to omit the leading `@foreignKey` (see example below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the tags file you must omit the leading `@foreignKey ` text since it is specified as the key (rather than the value) in the tags object ─ see example below.
```

```sql
comment on materialized view my_materialized_view is E'@foreignKey (key_1, key_2) references other_table (key_1, key_2)';
```

##### Smart Tags on virtual constraints

> You can also add smart tags on virtual constraints, for example adding the `fieldName` tag to a virtual foreign key constraint, by appending the pipe character `|` as well as the smart tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add smart tags on virtual constraints, for example adding the `fieldName` smart tag to a virtual foreign key constraint, by appending the pipe character `|` followed by the `@`-prefixed smart tag:
```
